Add placement table api doc (#3631)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/dapr-services/placement.md

## Kubernetes mode

The placement service is deployed as part of `dapr init -k`, or via the Dapr Helm charts. For more information on running Dapr on Kubernetes, visit the [Kubernetes hosting page]({{< ref kubernetes >}}).

> 

Reviewer: Given this is a new endpoint on the sidecar, this whole topic need to be move to a new topic under observability here https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/observability/ similar to health endpoint. This should then be referenced from here https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/dapr-services/sidecar/ with the diagram updated (we docs maintainers can update the diagram) 

I would still add a reference to the article under https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/dapr-services/placement/ service

Author: In fact, this is a new endpoint on the placement service, used to get the actors' info registered to placement.

Reviewer: Ok. I read that but the healthz port reference threw me, since this is on the Dapr sidecar. So I am still not clear here. If I  do not have any dapr instances running and I simply do "dapr init" on my local machine "curl localhost:8080/placement/state"  this will always return placement information?

And when placement service is deployed to Kubernetes, is there a consistent endpoint I can call then? Can I set up port forwarding, or how would you show an example of this for Kubernetes?

I also suggest adding a diagram into the https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/dapr-services/placement/ overview showing this API, which we can help with

Author: > If I do not have any dapr instances running and I simply do "dapr init" on my local machine "curl localhost:8080/placement/state" this will always return placement information?

No, "dapr init" runs placement in docker by running the command `docker run --name dapr_placement --restart always -d --entrypoint ./placement -p 50005:50005 docker.io/daprio/dapr:1.11.2`. The healthz server port `8080` is not exposed. If users run placement binary directly on local machine by `./placement --metadata-enabled`,  this curl will always return placement information. 

> And when placement service is deployed to Kubernetes, is there a consistent endpoint I can call then? Can I set up port forwarding, or how would you show an example of this for Kubernetes?

For Kubernetes, this can get after set port forwarding, I'll add an example for this.

> I also suggest adding a diagram into the https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/dapr-services/placement/ overview showing this API, which we can help with

Can you please give an example of the diagram? The current content is referenced to how dapr introduces its metadata api.https://docs.dapr.io/reference/api/metadata_api/

Reviewer 2: @msfussell bump ^^

## Placement tables

> There is an HTTP API `/placement/state` for placement service that exposes the placement table. The API is exposed on the healthz server. Since this is an unauthenticated endpoint, so it is disabled by default, you need to set `DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED` environment or `metadata-enabled` command line args to true to enable it.

Reviewer: - `DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED` need to be updated in the https://docs.dapr.io/reference/environment/ doc. 
- `metadata-enabled` is inconsistent with the env var above and the naming convention for annotations. It should be called `enabled-placement-metadata`. We need to change the code? And then this needs to be added to this doc https://docs.dapr.io/reference/arguments-annotations-overview/

Author: This is the environment and args for placement service. Also, added this config to the helm chart for users to easily define this value, and these two configs should only be concerned with self-host mode.

> There is an HTTP API `/placement/state` for placement service that exposes the placement table. The API is exposed on the healthz server. Since this is an unauthenticated endpoint, so it is disabled by default, you need to set `DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED` environment or `metadata-enabled` command line args to true to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an HTTP API `/placement/state` for placement service that exposes placement table information. The API is exposed on the sidecar on the same port as the healthz. This is an unauthenticated endpoint, and is disabled by default.  You need to set `DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED` environment or `metadata-enabled` command line args to true to enable it.

```

Author: Done.

### Usecase:

> The placement table API can be used for retrieving the current placement table, which contains all the actors registered. This can be helpful for debugging and also allow other tools (Dashboard) to extract and present for information about Actors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The placement table API can be used for retrieving the current placement table, which contains all the actors registered. This can be helpful for debugging and allows tools to extract and present information about actors.

```

Author: Done.

### HTTP Request

```
GET http://localhost:<healthzPort>/placement/state
```

### HTTP Response Codes

Code | Description
---- | -----------
200  | Placement tables information returned
500  | Placement could not return the placement tables information

### HTTP Response Body

**Placement tables API Response Object**

Name                   | Type                                                                  | Description
----                   | ----                                                                  | -----------
tableVersion           | int                                                                   | The placement table version
hostList               | [Actor Host Info](#actorhostinfo)[]                                   | A json array of registered actors host info.

<a id="actorhostinfo"></a>**Actor Host Info**

Name  | Type    | Description
----  | ----    | -----------
name  | string  | The host:port address of the actor.
appId | string  | app id.

> entities | json string array | List of actor types it hosts.

Reviewer: This should be called `actorTypes` not `entities' IMO. Can we change this?

Author: Added pr https://github.com/dapr/dapr/pull/6732 to fix that.

Reviewer 3: Merged

> updatedAt | timestamp | Timestamp of the actor registered/updated.

Reviewer: Timestamp of what? The last actor type registered? And if there are 100 types registered does this tell you anything useful?

Author: This is the timestamp that an actor connected to the placement and registered itself. For now, the actor type is unlikely to be changed in runtime, so this basically the time that the actor first connected to the placement and kept alive till now. This may be useful for users to know from which time the actor has kept an active heartbeat with placement.

Reviewer: This applies to all actor instance? So if there are 2 actor types each with 500 actors, these are the heartbeats from all 1000 actor instances to the placement service? Hence I would expect this time to be updated very frequently, is that correct?

Author: No, this is not the latest heartbeat time.  If there are 2 actor types each with 500 actors, this would be the first time they connected to placement, and do not update if they are healthy. If there is one failed heartbeat(it would be removed from the list), and then back to connect to placement, the time would be updated.

Maybe changing the description to `Timestamp of the actor registered to placement` would be better?

Reviewer: @Taction - Trying to close out this issue. 
1) If there are multiple actor types, are there multiple entries in the hostList, one for each actor type
List this
```
{
	"hostList": [{
		"name": "198.18.0.1:49347",
		"appId": "actor1",
		"actorTypes": ["testActorType1"],
		"updatedAt": 1690274322325260000
                },
                {
		"name": "198.18.0.1:49347",
		"appId": "actor2",
		"actorTypes": ["testActorType2"],
		"updatedAt": 1690274322325260000
	}],
	"tableVersion": 1
```

Also for the Update at this says "Timestamp" but it looks this in Linux time seconds. Can we make this time "updatedAt": 1690274322325260000"  a more friendly format?

Reviewer: @Taction - Can you comment on this example and the timestamp

Author: Sorry for the late reply.

> If there are multiple actor types, are there multiple entries in the hostList, one for each actor type
List this

Every entry in the `hostList` represents one Dapr instance (which may hosts multiple actor types). `hostList` list all the Dapr instances that are connected to the placement service.
For example, if appId `actor1` hosts "testActorType1" and "testActorType3" actor types has one instance, the  appId `actor2` hosts "testActorType2" actor type has two instances with ip `198.18.0.2` and `198.18.0.3`:
```json
{
	"hostList": [{
		"name": "198.18.0.1:49347",
		"appId": "actor1",
		"actorTypes": ["testActorType1", "testActorType3"],
		"updatedAt": 1690274322325260000
                },
                {
		"name": "198.18.0.2:49347",
		"appId": "actor2",
		"actorTypes": ["testActorType2"],
		"updatedAt": 1690274322325260000
	        },
                {
		"name": "198.18.0.3:49347",
		"appId": "actor2",
		"actorTypes": ["testActorType2"],
		"updatedAt": 1690274322325260000
	}],
	"tableVersion": 1
```

> Also for the Update at this says "Timestamp" but it looks this in Linux time seconds. Can we make this time "updatedAt": 1690274322325260000" a more friendly format?

Yes, it is Unix Nanosecond time. I can send a pr to fix it to a more friendly format, RFC3339 ("2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00") or DateTime ( "2006-01-02 15:04:05") which would be better.

Reviewer: @Taction - Can you include this example above into the docs at line 65, so that it show more than one actor in the list?

Author: Added
